from the series the best contributions in the
test, I introduce you to the multi today
Power 50 percent protein was about to be released
he lies here before me what is that
special on the tie now he has like
not recognizing one is very obvious
low sugar content and he has 50
gramm gramme in total now we go
just around the bar
so it looks from the back and the
Nutrition or stuck down here
underneath
I hope you can recognize the I have
now we have a total of 173
kilocalories have the rule and 12 5
Carbohydrate is actually that
important in the latch and has
while only 0.9 grams of sugar what really
is very little and everyone supplies normally
of course after adam giant 25 grams
protein virtually every protein is one
Then the mixture was never known
exactly the old town back then
calcium carbonate milk protein isolate and
egg white occurs
thus placed in the rules of the bolt
classic multi-component protein against
the rules from the inside
The bitten usually looks from where
you can see that he completely from
chocolate is coated and therewith
creamy filling is really very
very delicious and beautiful even you can me
recommend it to anyone
if you have the detailed test report
you want to read then click under the
video on the link or patrick frey
white rule - test.de